doc/nrf/app_dev/dfu: prefer nrfutil over nrfjprog (#20956)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf5340/netboot/README.rst

      I: Jumping to the first image slot
      *** Booting Zephyr OS build v2.7.99-ncs1-2195-g186cf4539e5a  ***

> #. Program the network core update image using nrfutil:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Program the network core update image using nRF Util:
```

   .. code-block:: console

>       nrfutil device program --options chip_erase_mode=ERASE_RANGES_TOUCHED_BY_FIRMWARE --firmware zephyr/net_core_app_moved_test_update.hex --serial-number <serial_number> --force

Reviewer 2: Add a mention of the serial number to replace in line 114.

   .. note::
      Typically, the update image is received through serial interface or Bluetooth.

>       For testing purposes, use nrfutil to program the update image directly into the update slot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      For testing purposes, use nRF Util to program the update image directly into the update slot.
```
